Since its inception in 2014, the school for Kingdom of Angelizers has accomplished
much good in the worldwide field as SKE graduates helped to further Kingdom
interests. This two-month school is designed to train experienced pioneers who are
willing to serve wherever they're needed. And while many have eagerly reached out
for this opportunity, others hold back. Why? That first I was very scared because at
that time when we got called I wasn't the best pioneer ever, so I felt a bit
unworthy. What worried me a little was not knowing how I would make a living in
my new assignment. Would I live up to what is expected of an SKE student? One of my
concerns about going to the school was that I didn't know where I would be
sent, what the place would be like, and what my life would be like. In my culture,
family stick together and we don't leave. And it worried me that I could be sent
far away. I had my fears about the assignment we would get after SKE, and I was
concerned about whether we would keep up with everything we had to learn. Well,
can you relate to any of these feelings? If so, please know that the governing
body understands. It's not easy to uproot one's self and venture into the
unknown, but before you dismiss applying for SKE, we warmly invite you to
prayerfully consider making yourself available to Jehovah for this training with a
view to expanding your service. A beautiful reason for reaching out in Jehovah's
service can be found in a dynamic Bible example. In Judges 4, Jehovah commands
Bayrach to find 10,000 volunteers, march to the top of Mount Tabor, and await
Jehovah's signal to battle the mighty Cicero and his army. But remember, unlike
their Canaanite enemies, the Israelites were untrained in warfare, had limited
weapons, and were massively outnumbered. Those who volunteered would have to leave
home, climb a mountain, and wait for instructions. In effect, they had appeared weak
and helpless while the powerful Canaanite armies gathered all around them at the
base of the mountain. Now from a human viewpoint, there were many good reasons not to
volunteer for this mission. How would you feel? Would you go? Well, the ones who did
go got to experience something awe-inspiring. Judges 5 tells us that as soon as
Jehovah gave the word for them to charge down that mountain, the earth shook, and the
heavens poured. Seemingly, out of nowhere, a powerful storm came, and Cicero and his army
were thrown into confusion. Right behind that storm came the Israelites. Thanks to
Jehovah's help, they defeated their enemies and won the battle. Now did they
rack and his men? No. That divine storm was coming? No. But they knew something
else. Read with me, please. Jehovah's words to them, right before they charged
down the mountain at Judges 4, verse 14. Rise up for this is the day that Jehovah will
give Cicero into your hand. Is Jehovah not going out before you? And here's the
beautiful reason mentioned earlier. Have you ever entered into an unfamiliar dark
room and a friend says, don't worry, I'll go first. I know where the light is. You feel
safe, right? Well, in a similar way, when Jehovah said to those Israelites that he would
go out before them, it says, if he was saying, don't worry, I'll go first. And I won't
let anything happen to you. You see, those men were facing the unknown, the dark, but they trusted
in Jehovah and they got to see firsthand how Jehovah lit it up by bringing that divine storm.
In effect, he turned the impossible into the possible. Well dear brothers and sisters,
Jehovah can turn the impossible into the possible for you too. Don't let the unknown hold you
back and don't let fear cause you to miss out. Just as in Beirak's time, today the call is going
out for volunteers to be used more fully in Jehovah's organization. If your heart moves you to
reach out for SKE, you'll get to see firsthand how Jehovah will daily care for you. When challenges
come and the darkness starts to close in, he will light the way for you. The education at SKE is an
everlasting inheritance. It shepherds our teaching ability all to the praise of Jehovah.
By taking on the challenge, we are showing our support for Jehovah as the universal sovereign.
It is a great privilege to be trained by Jehovah using his organization.
Now I feel closer to Jehovah. I see him as a real person. I feel happy to have a close relationship
with him. The benefits of having Jehovah invest in me have been that it's changed my view of my
singleness. It's stopped me from limiting myself. It's pushed me beyond the boundaries that I
established from myself. The school prepared me to support the translation work that's being done
in my language and to be able to give my best because Jehovah is great.
There's no gift that can exceed being taught by Jehovah.
Even if your circumstances don't allow for you to apply to SKE right now,
don't lose heart. Keep it a matter of prayer. The opportunity may open up for you in the future.
In the meantime, perhaps you can help someone else in your family or congregation to reach out for SKE.
By helping others, you too can experience Jehovah's blessing and your life in unexpected and delightful
ways. No matter what your circumstance may be, remember, when you rise to the call and trust in
Jehovah, he will clear the way for you. Former obstacles and fears will be pushed aside and
replaced with new friends and unimaginable joys. Why? Because Jehovah will go out before you.